	I feel that my sketch does reflect the guidelines set by my team during our last meeting.  We talked about the usability of our app and utilized Fitts's Law to calculate the movement times between various widgets in our application.  Some of our main takeaways from the meeting were that we should expand the size of the add and back buttons because of how often they will be used throughout use of the application and how key they are to the application's services to the user.  We solidified our decisions that our app should be displayed using JTabbedPanes so that we can have separates pages for our Fridge, Recipes and Groceries panes.  This way, the user can click which window they need to be on, and movement times between widgets relevant to this activity will be optimized, rather than having so many different widgets on one page will very large movement times from each other and low readability.  We also decided to format our checkboxes in more of a grid rather than a line (i.e. having 2 rows of 2 checkboxes rather than 1 row of 4 checkboxes) so that movement time between different filtering options will be optimized.  We also moved this to the middle of our fridge pane instead of to the very top of the window.
	In my window implementation, I followed my sketch rather closely.  Similarly to in m sketch, I enlarged the add and back buttons so as to provide a larger surface area for the user to click.  I myself found this to be more accessible during testing.  I also moved the filtering checkboxes, formatted them into a grid, and added margins on either side so as to squeeze them together in the center of the application's main window.  They also do not appear on the recipes and groceries panes as they did before, which they are irrelevant to and were just taking up space in.  We decided that we will design our add button so that it appears the same but pressing it causes a change relevant to the current pane, i.e. pressing the add button while not he fridge pane allows the user to add an item to the fridge while pressing the add button on the recipes page allows the user to add a recipe, saving space and providing greater simplicity and usability to the user.